# NYWalker-Server [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nyscapes/nywalker-server.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/nyscapes/nywalker-server) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/nyscapes/nywalker-server.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/nyscapes/nywalker-server) [![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/nyscapes/nywalker-server.svg)](http://inch-ci.org/github/nyscapes/nywalker-server) [![Creative Commons License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

**NYWalker-Server** provides an API for interacting with a rich database of
places mentioned in various novels. As the name suggests, the initial focus
was on novels about New York City, but the code doesn’t particularly care about
New York City.

**NYWalker** has been used by scholars pursuing original research and by
students in the classroom. A [video
description](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOCTXdO4_EM), showing its
features, is available.

## Version

Currently, a frozenish version is available [via
NewYorkScapes](http://nywalker.newyorkscapes.org). The default branch of this
distribution, however, is version 2, which is under construction. The most
significant changes between version 1 and 2 is that version 2 splits the
[client](http://github.com/nyscapes/nywalker-client) from the server. This
repository is for the server.

## Contributing

Please fork and contribute.

## Who are we?

This application is listed in GitHub under the
[NewYorkScapes](http://newyorkscapes.org) collective, but (for now) it
represents mostly the work of [Moacir P. de Sá Pereira](http://moacir.com)
[Prof. Tom Augst](http://english.fas.nyu.edu/object/ThomasAugst.html) has also
consulted on it, and he has also helped make the resources available for the
project to come to fruition. The live version of the site is hosted by the
[FAS Office of Educational Technology](https://wp.nyu.edu/fas-edtech) at NYU.
It is also part of the
[#NYUDH](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23nyudh&src=typd) network. The project
is also
[listed](http://xpmethod.plaintext.in/embodied-space-lab/nywalker.html) as
part of [Columbia’s Group for Experimental Methods in the
Humanities](http://xpmethod.plaintext.in).

## License

The content and data of **NYWalker** is licensed [CC BY-SA
4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). See CONTENT-LICENSE.md
for details. 

The code is licensed under
[GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html). See LICENSE for
details.

© 2018 Moacir P. de Sá Pereira

